- Maybe Chris could like cut out the middle part
where I was like, maybe we'll just be done after 30,
you know, call it.
(upbeat music)
- Okay, now, hey, we weren't recording yet.
- Oh, hey, Riverside has a new process now.
It like opens another tab.
- I guess.
- In the background?
- Yeah, I feel like that guy is like,
I like the old Facebook.
I just, every time it changes, like when you click record
now there's like four little options you have to choose
from and it's on my teleprompter, so it's so tiny
and I can't read any of them.
I'm like, I don't know, I just want to record.
Like I used to, I just want to hit the button.
- Yeah, now it opens up like a background tab
for you to, for it to upload.
That's what it's for me.
- Oh, mine's not doing that.
Maybe let's just guess.
- Yeah.
- So you don't close the tab and then like as the host,
I know to upload my, anyway, we're getting, yeah.
(laughing)
- How are you?
- I am good just preparing for all this stuff next week.
I think it's almost there, but it's gonna be busy.
- Like, are you mostly preparing for React Miami things?
Like, party?
- Yeah, the party, some of the,
just like the tech we need next week,
some of the just logistics of all the different things
that we're filming next week, so.
I guess we can talk about it here, like, it's fine.
But so we're filming this documentary on Monday.
It's gonna be a mockumentary and I know those people
just like some thoughts.
I think we're gonna like improvise most of it, but.
- As one does, the terminal dot shop.
(laughing)
- I'm just like, I don't know how much we can call
with the head at a time.
It's just gonna be better when we call it
with stuff in person.
- Yeah.
- So, yeah, but I'm excited.
- Well, I'm doing everything I can to prepare
for next week as well in the form of wellness shots
and immunity boosts.
I did a sauna session this morning.
I'm just trying not to get sick.
- Do you feel sick at all?
- No, not yet.
Well, I can't figure it out.
Like, do I just have COVID immunity?
'Cause my oldest tested positive for COVID.
That's what led to his pneumonia.
- Did you test yourself?
- No, I don't have any symptoms.
I feel fine.
I did sleep in bed with my five-year-old last night,
who's the worst right now, of us all.
My 10-year-old's recovering.
But the five-year-old is in the thick of it.
It was like last night was the worst night.
He's just coughing all over me all night.
Like just in my face, just,
and I just got terrible sleep
'cause he's coughing all night.
And I just thought like, yeah, I'm definitely getting it now.
And I feel fine so far.
- You didn't come in and affect all of us?
- Yeah, I'm gonna get there.
As soon as I land in Miami, I'm gonna start coughing.
- Oh, man.
(laughing)
- We'll put you in a different hotel.
- Yeah, quarantine me.
No, there's, I mean, there's a very good chance
I'm not coming.
If either I or Casey starts showing symptoms
the next 48 hours, which is, I don't know,
feels like a less likely scenario
that we both come out unscathed.
- But anyway.
People are already arriving.
- What?
- Yeah, I think, so Kramer is getting here today.
And I'm gonna see if we want to hang out
and get dinner or something.
Ken was complaining to me about his flight this morning.
So I guess he's gonna be here today also.
- Nice.
- Yeah, it's like a whole week.
- Got a whole, yeah.
- Geez, everybody's converging on Daxville.
(laughing)
- It is crazy 'cause I remember when I moved here,
I was just like, man, it'd be cool
like people would ever come here.
And then like, it just like manifested, you know?
- People keep, yeah.
- I am proud of that 'cause three years ago,
nobody was coming here two years ago a little bit more.
And then the last year has been like really crazy.
- Michelle's done a great job with React Miami.
It's a good conference.
I've not been to a lot of conferences,
but she does a good job.
- Yeah, I also love how much people are like,
get excited to come here.
And everyone like, you know, thinks about their outfits
and like, it's like a whole thing that everyone like plays into.
- Yeah, that's what I do.
I think about my outfits.
(laughing)
I pack my Todd Shelton jeans and...
- Well, everyone else, everyone else gets really out of it.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- I'm gonna show up, one of these times,
I'm gonna show up in Miami.
- Where?
- We're in what you wear, like an outfit, like a silk onesie.
And you're gonna be like, whoa, Adam has culture or something.
- I don't think I've ever seen you wearing color.
- Yeah, mostly neutrals, huh, black and white.
- Yeah.
- Interesting.
- It's the same, but I have like some stuff
that's in the extreme opposite to, you know, bounce it out.
- Hmm.
- I don't have any of that.
Yeah, I don't have anything color.
Wow, I can't think of, I have like,
they're all earthy tones, like maroons.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Mostly earth tones, yeah, just the tans, the dark greens.
I love the dark green.
I do a dark green.
- Dark green.
Okay, okay.
- Yeah.
But I get it, but you know.
- We got stuff to talk about.
- That's true.
- First thing I wanna talk about, this was not on my mind
until right before you jumped on when I was looking at Twitter,
we've unexpectedly built so many tools
as a side effect of building apps.
We're about to go one level deeper.
Is this something you could talk about on the podcast?
- It's a mix of a few things.
So the stuff that you're working on,
the open code stuff, that's gonna be cool
'cause it'll be like the first, again, for our audience.
- Talked about it last episode.
- Well, we talked about it last time.
Okay, we did talk about it last time.
Yeah, so just a open source cloud code, Adam,
and we have another guy.
How do you suppress it?
- Well, Kootie Tim is making it.
Yeah, Kootie Tim is making it.
I am just giving advice and saying,
"Here's what I would like."
'Cause I'm just a big cloud code user.
So I just, I feel like I'm Indians, big opinions.
- Yeah, so that's gonna be under the open brand.
I'm talking to a company today about building our own model.
- Right.
- And I just wanna get really up to speed
on what the state of the art and continuous training is
because it's such a problem in open source.
So we have a vague goal of building a model
that's not just for SST, but creating a nice pipeline
so that all of these open source tools
can easily continuously train on it.
As time goes on, React Router V7,
it's just not in like LMs do not return
React Router V7 stuff, Tailon V4 not included,
STV3 not included.
So a single model that is good at those things
is probably useful.
I don't know if it's gonna be the model
that everybody is using primarily for coding, maybe not,
but something that people can embed in docs,
something that people can use as like a bot
in their Discord.
So I wanna like try to go down that path
and to see like what's there.
The thing that I think we're maybe all taking for granted is,
I don't know if I already said this last time,
I'm gonna say it again, these AI companies are massive.
There's so many of them, they have billions
and billions of dollars.
So it feels like they're just gonna solve every problem,
but the surface area is so large for what AI can do
that despite all of that, despite all the competition,
we just say for granted that like these little hints
that they're not gonna solve.
And if you like dig into it, like let's take Tailwind V4,
right?
How in the world is a generic LM training process
gonna like properly differentiate between V3 and V4
and like node or like prioritize V4?
Are they gonna label their datasets to that extreme
where they're like, I just don't think they're gonna go
into that level of detail, I don't think they can,
I don't think it makes any sense for them to.
And I've talked to a few different open source people,
they all recognize this problem.
I don't think anyone cares about it as much as we do
'cause we're like a little more growth focused
than other people.
So they're not gonna like solve it directly.
The figure if we solve for sales we might as well
try to solve it for everyone.
Buns another one, you know,
Buns always adding new APIs and then, you know,
don't know about them, so.
- Okay, I can't, I've been buying my time.
You should do the model thing, for sure.
Like you should, but there's, I feel like
this is the most obvious thing I've ever felt convicted about
that no one seems to agree with and I'm just gonna,
I'm gonna build it.
- What is it?
- I'm going to build an MCP docs server.
- No, we're gonna do that.
- We're gonna add that?
- Well, I mean, yeah, we're gonna add,
we're gonna give an MCP thing for our docs.
We're definitely gonna do that.
We've tried some stuff.
- Not just for your docs.
This is just, it's the, what's the definitely typed thing?
It's just a community project that just,
- Oh, I see.
- The MCP server is pass in a framework and a version,
get back, and maybe even a search term,
get back relevant, markdown or something.
Like that is the MCP server and it needs to exist.
And yeah, it's a lot of tedium,
but like we do that all the time.
We do tedium, definitely typed tedium.
- Okay, so yes, that's definitely there
and that maybe is a solution to this,
but it so requires a lot of setup.
- Well, we're gonna build it straight into open code.
So if you just use open code, you're fine.
- That's true. - We'll just,
it'll be configured directly and--
- That is true, that would make it a lot easier.
- Distribution problem is awesome.
- And then as long as open code beats cursor,
then this can--
- Yeah, well, I mean, it can be,
so the cursor thing, they make it really easy
to add MCP servers, right?
- Yeah, I know, I know.
- So if you're serious and you're running into these issues,
then, I don't know, click the button.
- Yeah, so we are gonna support those.
I don't know how good it's gonna perform though,
'cause like I tried stuff.
- I think it's gonna perform great.
Sorry, it just seems like a perfect,
everyone, when I brought this up on Twitter,
everyone's like, well, there's already like web fetch.
It's not gonna figure out how to fetch the right docs
for the right version of your framework,
but like you're using a thing
and it's in package JSON, we have a version.
- Yeah.
- There is no reason we can't build a tailwind at SST
but whatever, all inside one MCP server,
like a repository of Markdown that we just keep updated.
You know what I'm saying?
Like why is that not gonna work?
- It makes sense, but then like, okay,
so what we found works really well is,
so for us SST components,
giving the docs for works, well,
giving you the whole source code of the component
works really well.
Yeah, like how do you make all that easy for us to do
for a right and the other thing is,
this stuff blows up the context like crazy.
That's the other issue, like.
- Yeah, I mean, it would be a search term.
I feel like it would need to be like,
I wanna get a section of the docs.
I don't need all of the SST V3 docs.
I need the section that deals with secrets
'cause I need to add a secret and I don't know how.
- Yeah, like I said, I just in the performance,
like it's low hanging fruit, so we should definitely do it.
I just don't think the performance is gonna hit the bar
where I'm like, oh, I feel good about people
'cause our primary thing, the primary piece of pain
that we're feeling is building or learning SST
or building someone SST from an LM first approach
is not a good experience right now.
- Yeah.
- The thing you're talking about will improve that.
I don't know if it's gonna cross the bar where I'm like,
okay, this no longer feels like it's a bad experience.
But yeah, I mean, it's so obvious
in low hanging fruit that it should just be done.
- I think it's a few things.
And I'm not trying to discourage the custom model.
I think fine tuning, I've seen stuff recently,
like the major versions of these latest models
have not met expectation, I guess.
People are saying they're getting better results.
These are like research papers.
I didn't read them.
I just saw what people said about them.
They're like fine tuning is this like crosses the gap,
makes things really good.
So I think there's plenty, I think lots of companies,
including SST should be fine tuning models
to see who can make the best programming model
or the best like I'm a web developer in 2025 model.
It's like more specific even.
I think that's good.
I think to me, it would be harder to convince me
to swap out cloud three seven,
than to swap or to add an MCP server, I guess.
Like I get that they're both kind of tricky problems.
- Yeah, but the MCP server could just call the model.
- Oh, I see.
- Yeah, that was one other.
- I feel like a docs MCP server combined with LSP,
diagnostics embedded in, like I'm just speaking open code here.
- Combined with source graph.
- The source graph tool was crazy,
'cause I didn't know that was in there.
Yeah, just to recap what it was.
So open code, just like cloud code.
But so in my head, I was like,
oh, it has all the same tools as cloud code,
but it has some more tools in cloud code.
One of them is a way to search source graph.
And I was asking it to implement something using a library,
my own library, which I forgot how to use.
Relatable.
- Yeah.
And then it just did a query using source graph
to find any public code using it.
And it found an example of what I wanted to do
and then use that to implement it.
And I'm like, that's genius.
That's really smart.
- Yeah, I don't know.
I just, I feel like these are solvable problems.
Like models, I just assume models are just a brain.
And they, the knowledge cutoff thing
is not a thing that registers with me anymore.
It's like, that's what fetching and using MCP servers is for,
for getting like contextual,
very contextual information and putting it into the context.
I also don't care about costs.
So maybe that's my problem.
Like, I'm like, yeah, dump all the docs in it.
If it gets the right answer and it saves back and forth,
then that's worth it.
But I'm just assuming also model costs
are going to go to zero.
Like that's just a longterm trend is commodity.
I don't know.
- The cost, yeah, the cost as a factor,
the speed is a factor.
But I think, because I've tried
and the output's really bad, like even with that stuff.
- What are you talking about?
What output?
- 'Cause I've tried mainly testing this.
Like, okay, what if I gave it access to docs?
What if I did X, Y, D things?
And it definitely improves the performance,
but it still just makes up stuff
that's like, doesn't even look like SST at all.
V2 or V3, like just like made up.
Okay, like structures, the whole app is like one JSON object.
Like it just.
- And this is with just like the knowledge cutoff
of three seven or something.
- Yeah, like it can definitely write V2, STV2 code well,
but then when I tell it, hey, we're doing V3 here
to the docs, it like really starts panicking.
It just starts to make some crazy stuff up.
So.
- Yeah, yeah.
- The docs thing is, like I said, it's obvious we should do it.
I just don't know if we'll cross that bar.
And it might, maybe with like enough tricks, but.
- The LSP diagnostics is also a form of docs, right?
'Cause that's pulling, like when you get a type error
or even just the hints and stuff,
don't those have like whatever docs you wrote
above the function or whatever?
Like.
- That would be cool if that's in the LSP.
I don't know if the LSP diagnostics contain the JSTock.
- Maybe not.
- Information.
It definitely contains a type in from,
or that is a type error, which is usually good enough.
- Yeah.
This whole context thing is, is what sucks,
which is why I'm looking at this continuous training thing.
It's not just, it's not just fine tuning.
I'm trying to understand this stuff better.
There's like a whole host of techniques.
Yeah, I don't think people are going to switch out
their primary coding model.
That's why I would want to deliver this as another AI
that your primary AI can talk to and send the prompt.
- Yep.
- And now it's like more specialized.
- Okay.
So you're, I mean, we're kind of talking
about the same sort of thing.
The thing you're talking about would kind of be like
an MCP server.
I don't know if you would.
- Yeah, it would be an MCP server.
And it's, and there would be like a collective effort
to have data that's input into whatever this process is.
And I can just be straight up a way to search.
- It's just a smart version of what I was saying.
I was saying like dump, mark down into the context.
You're saying like, no, be intelligent and have a model
that actually gives you the correct answer.
- Yeah.
I mean, it could do, like I said, with enough tricks,
one of these approaches might end up being good enough.
But yeah, the root problem is like getting the data together.
That's really where the tedious stuff is.
Oh, and we have another open project
we're trying to kick off.
- I feel like you've hinted at a few and are you gonna reveal?
Can we reveal them to the podcast listeners?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I posted about one yesterday
'cause we're looking for someone to take it on
and I got a bunch of responses.
- That's the one I saw.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Yeah, so we are probably gonna move off of Astro
for all of our docs and everything.
Here's what we like about Astro.
We like that it's JSX, it's components.
You can output everything statically.
What we don't like is the data show file.
We don't use 90% of Astro features.
It's quite heavy for how little we use it.
And I was talking to Jay yesterday
who's been through every iteration of this
for the past 15 years 'cause he built our SST book.
Like he built that using Jekyll
and he just been through all these different iterations
so he has a really clear sense of what the scope
of this thing is.
And his point of view was that
Jekyll is effectively the perfect product.
And his point was if you go to their site,
you'll see it looks like that site from 2015
because hasn't really needed to have been updated since then.
It's actually pretty nostalgic.
It reminds you of the beginning of 2.0.
- Yeah, transfer your plain text
into static websites and blogs, okay?
- Yeah, so he's like, if we just build that,
make it based off of buns so it's really fast
'cause Jekyll was like it got pretty slow.
Make it like very low dependency, built off of buns,
JSX based, MDX based.
And then just take the exact scope of Jekyll,
which is not very large, it's a very small scope,
very well defined.
And just do like a modern JavaScript-based refresh
off of it using buns.
I don't know, open site, I don't know.
So we're gonna probably move our docs.
- Oh, open site.
Let's go inside.
- We'll move our docs to that.
I also have been thinking about publishing
so on my longer threads on my own site as well.
So I've probably, I've kind of looking for something
like this.
- You can dog food it and get some good feedback.
- Yeah, and then a part of this would be
to output the four LMs, whatever this pipeline is also,
spit something out that's structured in a way that,
you know, whatever this thing is, can ingest,
can be ingested into, yeah.
- Such an interesting time that we live in.
- Yeah.
- It's really, it's fun.
I enjoy this like, transitionary period.
It's this weird, like, you know,
we need to all be building towards this,
like this world where we control a legion
of little junior devs, and then maybe they're senior devs
and then maybe they're better than us.
But it's also this feeling of like,
you don't know if at some point things do get so good
that it's just like, none of it matters.
You know what I mean?
Is that just like not gonna happen?
Is that a sci-fi reality that like,
software dev just vanishes because AI is so good
that there's just AI, there's not software.
You just talk to the AI and it does everything.
- I felt this way from the beginning.
I feel like every day that goes by,
it seems like that's less and less the case,
but I also know that that's often also a trap.
So yeah, I don't really know how I really think about things.
I've been pretty underwhelmed with
all the different model releases.
- Yeah, same.
To be honest, the last couple of rounds,
it's like, it feels like three, five to three, seven
was such a minor bump and granted.
It's just, they didn't call it 4.0 for a reason, I guess.
Like it wasn't supposed to be a major jump, maybe.
I'm very keen to see the clod for GPT-5 generation.
Like what do things look like?
It's like one more data point of,
are we leveling off here and then we've reached peak
with current tech?
- I think it's a funny thing because we know the,
'cause it's all mathematical,
but they're gonna increase the amount of, the model's gonna be bigger.
The next big generation is just gonna be bigger
and therefore it's going to be,
like the inputs are like mathematically larger.
His question is, is the output gonna be
exponentially better or is it gonna be like,
start tapering off?
I wonder if it's gonna turn back
to the most boring problem that's existed forever,
which is just, it's just all about your data.
At this point, these models have sucked all the data
that's like generally available.
And if they plateau of being like,
yeah, we've tried every single trick,
yeah, we can make them a little bit better,
incrementally better, just off of just like,
how we're training and doing all these little tricks.
But there's like a ceiling here.
Then I think it becomes the era of like,
custom trained models that are--
- Yeah, vertical specific.
- Yeah, and like, yeah, hyper-trained on like,
certain data that's not generally available.
Like for us, you know, again,
the going back to the examples helmet earlier,
open air is not gonna label being like,
these are V2 examples.
Never use them.
These are V3 things, like always prefer,
you know, there's not gonna do that.
And that's what it comes down to.
Then, you know, it's a boring old problem
of like, who has the most unique data
and who has the most data?
And yeah, that kind of goes back to that old race.
- Yeah, it's interesting.
I don't know that since we've talked,
or no, I guess when we talked last time,
we just didn't talk about it.
Like, but we didn't talk about Lama 4 at all, did we?
- We didn't talk about Lama 4--
- Or DGB3, for that matter.
Our two should be coming out soon.
- Lama 4 sounded like just like benchmark hacking
from what I saw people saying.
- That's what I mean, yeah, that's what I saw.
- I tried it myself and I was like, this is,
I was excited 'cause I'm like,
oh, oh, the knowledge cut off is August, 2024.
Like, SCV 3 was like kind of out then.
- So interesting, you think about knowledge cut off.
I just haven't thought about knowledge cut off in so long.
- It just, it's our like number one pain point.
Like, someone new hears about ST,
they go there at Lama 5 to use it,
they get the worst experience ever.
So it's just like killing us.
- Yeah, it's the oldest CB2 stuff.
I get that.
I guess it doesn't affect me because like,
as a builder of things with us as CB3,
I guess I don't really ever try to have it
right the info stuff.
I just--
- No, 'cause it's so minimal.
- It's so minimal.
Like, that stuff just,
it's like, I want it to write the stupid giant component
that I don't want to write from scratch,
like for a front end.
That's what I want the LMs to do for me.
So, but I get, if you're new--
- If you're new, that's a problem, yeah.
- Like, it would be really cool to start with a blank directory
and just create a modern repo in the vein
of what your kind of pattern is.
I mean, just the whole SSD monorepo,
the way you do things.
I don't know if that's a pipe dream.
I would love that.
- The thing that I keep testing it with is,
hey, can you add a cron job that does something?
- Yeah.
- I list it out.
And I expect it to go create the cron job on the SSD side
and also go implement the application code
for actually running it.
- Yeah, right.
- And that's like my benchmark.
Whatever gets us there,
then I'll start to feel good about,
okay, this, we're like passing the bar on what we need.
- Yeah.
- Well, yeah, I haven't been able to get there yet.
- Well, now I want to test,
I want to throw together a little docs MCP server.
- You should do it.
- I'm just going to try it with SSD.
It'll just be all faked.
But just to see, like, if you drop SSD stuff,
mark down in context,
that doesn't even have to build an MCP server.
You just need to drop some mark down from your docs
to your MDX files, just drop them straight in,
see what it does.
- Yeah, I think Frank's going to look at this next week.
It's funny.
So last year, the J comes down for React Miami.
So it's Frank by himself in Canada.
He's like a weak where none of us are interacting with him.
- Bothering him.
- Yeah.
- Last year he shipped like all of container stuff for SSD,
which was like really big for us.
And that wasn't totally random.
It's because we were shipping that SSH site
and we were doing like a bunch of container stuff.
So I was giving him stuff we needed.
- Yeah.
- But it was like a really productive week.
Those are a very good release
and containers are obviously huge for us now.
- What's he going to ship?
- This week, we've been like,
okay, what are you going to do this year, Frank?
Like what's your big thing?
But he's going to look into this like getting our docs
in, you know, and format and all that.
- Yeah, I don't know.
This feels like it's a solvable problem is my gut.
I don't know what the solution will be.
Maybe it's the model thing, maybe it's something else.
But I do think this is the thing we can get over, right?
Like where we can always use the right,
like where we can teach DLMs about versions of software.
As the season extreme example,
because you guys changed so much from two to three,
like just such a different example of code.
Like the code examples are just so starkly different.
So I feel you guys probably feel that pain more than most.
- Yeah.
But the other issue is like it just sets you down
the wrong path, even for a minor change,
like if you're using tailwind,
it's going to set you down the V3 path
with like different conventions.
They have the JavaScript file, you know,
that kind of changed how they think about things.
So you kind of accidentally end up doing the old stuff
without realizing.
So yeah, I think that it's as weird paradox
where everyone loves these coding models.
They're so useful and they're so good.
Every day that goes by, they get a little worse
'cause they're a little bit more out of date.
So they need to solve the problem.
Otherwise, the model becomes not useful.
At the same time, I don't like,
I can't actually see them solving it.
- Yeah.
Yeah, I guess I never thought about like,
I guess when they're writing React code,
it's from all the samples in their,
in like that they were trained on.
- I just, I guess I think of like software development
relying on fetching stuff into context.
But maybe that's happening less than I realized.
Like when I use cloud, cloud code,
maybe there's less fetching than I realized.
- But like I said, it's just a context thing.
Like it makes everything really slow and more expensive.
So as I go past market solution, it just isn't,
isn't it a great one?
- No, you're talking me into it.
We're talking me into the thing you're doing.
- Yeah, and here's the other thing though.
Another pattern I've just seen over and over is,
we'll always go one step lower.
And then we'll realize, not enough.
Okay, we gotta go one step lower.
And we're always like, why don't we just go down
all the way to the bottom from the beginning?
So that's kind of how I feel like with this AI thing.
I'm like, yeah, there's all these like little things
we could do.
But I'm just gonna go try to do the most extreme thing
of having our model and then like built up this time
instead of like, anything that I see itself,
it's like, we shouldn't have built on CDK.
- Right.
- We got stuck with that for too long.
We went one level lower down to Pulumi.
I'm sure at some point, we're gonna like have to go,
go lower again.
Yeah, I'm just trying to like just go to,
trying to like see if there's a bottom
and go straight there.
- Yeah, just avoid all the dance of like,
Plinko in your way down.
Do you remember Plinko?
Wait, is that right?
- Is that thing that you like drop a thing at the top?
- Yeah, price is right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Okay.
- Like kind of bounces off the pegs.
- I've seen that like arcades or something
and like you can like win something,
but it's called Plinko and like where did you come across this
in your life?
- Is the price is right?
That it was like one of the things was Plinko.
- It was like a segment on prices, right?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, did you share for watch prices, right?
Do you have the basic idea?
- I think, I vaguely, maybe I've seen one episode.
They like, guess the price and if you're too high,
it's you're out or what.
- Yeah, so whoever wins the little round
where they have to guess the price,
somebody goes up on stage.
And they do like a little game.
There's like all these mini games,
not just Plinko, there's lots of games.
Plinko was one of the games that they did.
- I see.
- That's all.
- How come you experienced this and I didn't?
Is this like an age thing?
- I watched a lot of prices, right?
Why did I, why do you watch it?
I think my grandma loved it.
I think every time I went to my grandma's,
I watched prices, right?
Like a lot.
I can't remember why I watched it so much,
but I definitely, I know a lot of prices.
I'm like teached with family feud.
- Yeah.
- So the price is right.
- I see what price is right thing.
- Or like SaaS products or something.
And I'll be, I'll be Bob Barker.
- Gets your bill.
- Yeah, your AWS bill, there you go.
Like cloud bill, line items.
- I pitched post talk on doing something.
- What's her name?
- I hate that name, sorry.
- Yeah.
- I love you post talk.
I mean, do something terrible.
(laughing)
- That's immediate, that's my job.
It's my job to lose sponsors.
- Yeah, that's right.
Not my job.
I don't like the name, sorry.
Continue post talk.
Is this such a weird, I don't know,
my blog shouldn't be any company.
- I feel like we could do something funny.
(laughing)
That was like 80% of my reason of reaching out.
I'm like, there's definitely something funny here we can do.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
So we'll see.
Still looking for that, it's sponsored for a rocket.
- Oh yeah.
Well, let's go straight to the bottom of it.
Let's just do the SSC thing.
Let's go straight to the bottom of it.
- Let's build around spaceship.
- No, let's just get hooked up with a,
what's that company called?
Starlink, no.
- SpaceX.
- Rocket, SpaceX.
- For some people screaming on the other end of the,
podcast right now.
How could you not know?
What's going on Mars?
Sorry.
- I don't think I wanna be near Elon right now, so.
- Yeah, what's the deal?
Tell me more.
What do you mean?
- No, I just, I don't know.
- Is this, well, okay, well, when you said that,
it made me think of something I saw,
or I think Casey showed me,
where he's like had his kid with him all the time
and people think it's 'cause he thinks he's gonna get
assassinated or something.
- To me, I did not see anyone say that,
and I independently had that same feeling.
- You had that thought, okay, it's like a big conspiracy,
or not 'cause conspiracy, just a big like theory around.
- It feels, like it just looks that way,
like visually it looks that way 'cause it looks so forced.
- I would not, yeah, if I had that much money,
I mean, I just, I can't get in the head of somebody
who has that much money, like, I don't know, whatever.
I'm not telling him what he should do,
but I just can't imagine I would be doing the things he's doing.
Does that make sense?
Like, I would not put myself at risk in any way.
I'd do all the other big billionaires
just kind of disappear, right?
Like, what does Larry Ellison do?
I don't know.
He's just like living on his island in Hawaii, right?
- He was at the White House talking about AI,
like, the day after President got elected,
or got into the office.
- I would just, I would not be a high profile person
if I had enough money to just buy an island
and live there for the rest of my life, I don't know.
- Yeah, I know some billionaires stay low-key,
but this is one of those things where I'm like,
if you feel a certain way, if you're like,
oh man, all the billionaires doing that,
I don't get that, like, I would never do that.
I think it's somehow related to,
then if you don't, if you're not like that,
you just wouldn't become a billionaire.
- You wouldn't become a billionaire, yeah, exactly.
- People are always like, oh, I don't get why,
like, they're still working when they have so much money.
At the moment, I have fucking money.
I would just not do anything.
I'm like, yeah, that's why you're never gonna get it.
- That's why you're not gonna have it.
- You just don't have, just it's a reminder.
- Just so important, it is a non-billionaire, basically.
- And I found out that Adam does not have a billion dollars.
- Yeah, and won't ever have what it takes.
- Well, that one, I think, that one is,
the thing you're saying is that was a little more reasonable
'cause there are all the billionaires that say, look,
- Yeah, because like all the other billionaires,
I think they kind of like do the thing I would expect.
- It's a crazy person.
So that's like, no point of opinion for information.
- Yeah.
- What's the deal with the tariffs?
Do we have tariffs?
There's no tariffs, they pause the tariffs.
- They pause, yeah, and then the market shot up 11%.
It wasn't saying I'd never seen anything like it.
- Was the whole thing just a prank?
- Is there any indication that they're causing?
- Oh, just some massive gambit that we can't understand.
It's that they're thinking 11 steps ahead
and we're never gonna follow it.
Every single move they make is a win
and on our wish direction it goes.
- Plan four d-chest.
(laughs)
- Underwater five d-chest now.
- I guess China, though,
they didn't think the joke was funny
and they're still raising it.
- I saw something really funny today.
- What does it do to us when they raise their tariffs on us?
I don't understand that.
- What's it do to us when China says,
we're gonna tariff your stuff that comes in?
Do we sell stuff to China?
- Yeah, we do.
I think on the tens of billions, I think.
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
So what were you gonna say?
- I saw something funny today,
'cause you know, U.S. and China are beefing
about this tariff thing and it's like,
it's so funny 'cause it's indirect
'cause they're never like,
we're not like getting on the phone with China
being like, "Hey, fuck you."
It's more like China announces to the world
that they've increased his tariffs on the U.S.
And the U.S. announces to the world that we're,
you know, it's so passive aggressive.
And today, there was like the epitome of that.
I don't know how accurate this is,
but someone, I saw something being like,
White House tells China to request a meeting
with Donald Trump, which is like, so passive,
they're not like, "Hey, can we have a meeting?"
They're like, "You need to ask us for a meeting."
We're not requesting, it's not a meeting request.
It's not a meeting request.
I think it's a meeting request 'cause that would be weak.
You need to come to us to ask us for a meeting,
like, by the hands.
It's just like--
- That's really annoying.
- This is so lame.
- Yeah, I don't know, the whole thing,
it feels like it was all over the timeline.
And then I feel like things just kind of cooled off.
People are people just exhausted.
- Well, there's a tariff clause.
And here's a thing, I was saying this for a while ago,
I was like, in America, what the money rules everything.
And we've had a bunch of problems with that.
- You've been consistent, you've always said that.
- And I'm like, we're seeing that tested,
like, the benefit of that is like,
things can only get too chaotic.
They usually step in and what happened,
Jamie Diamond goes and gives an interview,
talks about how bad this is,
how talks about we need to, you know,
this needs to be, like, corrected, stopped.
Later that day, 90 day pause.
Trump even cites Jamie Diamond.
That's how-- - Oh, wow.
- Like, the man that would never give anyone credit
for anything, even mentioned,
Jamie said we needed to, you know, pull it.
I'm sure it wasn't just that, obviously Jamie's citing,
like, real things that are happening in the market,
but yeah, at the end of the day, you know,
money stepped in and-- - Cooler heads up
what happened. - So 90 days
and then the stock market.
So we're gonna boom for 90 days and then it's gonna crash.
- No, we're not gonna boom.
Right now it's crazy confusion.
You can, like, if you look at that chart,
you just feel the confusion that everyone's feeling
'cause it's just like, it's flat.
- Oh, the VIX is way up.
- Yeah, VIX is way up, yeah.
It's, uh-- - Mm-hmm.
- So-- - I know things, like, VIX.
- Fear index, I don't know, it's about the fear index.
- I do, I have a fear index in the pit of the stomach.
I'm a lot anxiety. - I've read the formula
for the VIX, like, a hundred times over the years.
- Oh, is it an index? - I just do not understand it.
I just don't, I cannot get an intuitive sense
of how why it works. - It's pretty accurately,
like, predicted stuff, right?
- I don't get, I don't fully get,
'cause it's like a volatility index, and I don't know.
Just mathematically, my head just doesn't--
- His name? - Doesn't compute it.
Like, how do you build a financial instrument
around volatility as opposed to just it going up and down?
- Oh, can you trade it?
You can actually, like, it's like a thing
you can trade, is the VIX?
- Yeah, there's a VIX ETF called--
- Oh.
- I forgot what it was called.
I used to trade, I used to trade the triple leverage one,
which made, uh-- - (laughs)
- It was so fun. - Oh, my God.
- So you're just looking for chaos,
you're just trading and hoping for--
- Yeah, it's like, it's like, something would happen,
the market would go down two percent,
and then your portfolio would be down 50%.
(laughs)
- Three times leverage, that's intense.
- Yeah, it was awesome. - You do a lot of trades,
it seems like you're big into the trading stuff.
You're always, like, posting your options stuff.
- I've been on and off over the years,
I'd, like, cold it for, like, a couple of years,
I just wasn't thinking about that at all,
and I picked it back up, like, a year ago.
- Mm-hmm.
- And it's just fun, I never lose,
'cause I always make money. - Never lose?
Well, that's how it is. - Well, that's how it is.
- I mean, I always make money.
- If it's that easy, then maybe everyone should do it.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah. - I want you to do it,
I want you to gamble in this office.
- Just be really smart, know what's gonna happen.
- Don't be smart, just get lucky.
I've just been on, like, a really good lucky streak.
The, uh, that, that portfolio,
I put money into originally in 2019.
- 2019. - And it's now up, like,
1200% over five, six years. - Wow.
- And I'm like, man. - That's incredible.
You're, like, a hedge fund.
- If I was ballsy enough to put all my money in it,
ooh, we just wouldn't even be talking right now.
Which is why I'm never gonna be a billionaire.
There we go. - Yeah.
(laughing)
- That's a really good track record.
I feel like you should, uh,
you should just make a course about trading or something.
- I don't know. - I don't believe
asking me, like, people are like,
"Hey, can you, like, I'm gonna try and get the office trading?"
Like, "Can you, can we, like, hang out?"
And, like, "Can you tell me about it?"
I'm just like, "I don't know anything."
I literally do not know anything.
I know the basics of how it works.
I have some, like, habits I've developed over the years,
but I just feel like I just keep getting lucky.
Like, I don't know.
It feels like 100% gambling to me.
- Definitely happens.
Somebody gets hot at the-- - Yeah.
- In the casino, the roulette table.
I'm saying things I don't know anything about.
I've never played roulette in my life.
Is that a table or is that the thing that spins?
- The thing that spins, we tried it in Vegas,
uh, when we were there, like, for re-invent.
And this was like, "I've never gained before.
Let's try this."
And she's like, "Wait, we just lost all of her money
in, like, 10 seconds.
This was not fun."
And I was like, "Yeah, this was not fun."
But then we won it all back at the slot.
Like, I did the slot machine once,
and then we won it all over the back.
- And you won it all over the back?
- And then we left.
- Is the, uh, is the roulette thing,
is it just red and black?
You're just making-- - No, you can,
you can place on specific numbers.
You can do, like-- - Oh, there's numbers, too.
- Oh, it's even.
You can do all kinds of-- - Oh, yeah.
- And if you, in Vegas, you can, whatever you wanna bet on,
they're gonna find a way for you to bet on it.
- It's funny.
- Not a better bet.
- You bet that the table's gonna explode,
and you're gonna probably bet on anything.
- Bet that the tariffs are gonna be paused.
- Oh, there's actually that, right?
Like, there's those, what's that called?
- A prediction markets.
- The prediction markets?
There's like a specific thing people always post.
- Yeah, I've heard them as a chart.
- Yeah. - People always post it.
Yeah, I think people always post it,
post screenshots of it.
Right when, right before the event happens,
and it always looks like, oh, it's so accurate.
But I don't think they're actually very accurate.
I have to look more into this,
but there is a wisdom of a crowd thing,
and that's like a real thing, but--
- Oh, yeah, like if you have 100 people,
and they guess how many gumballs are in a jar,
like you take the average of all the guesses,
and it's actually close.
- Yeah, and that's roughly what a prediction market
is trying to recreate, but I've seen it, like,
totally swing from one extreme to another.
- Yeah, I guess you've gotta have the volume.
You've gotta have, like, enough people.
- I mean, even with those prediction markets
have decent volume, but yeah, I don't know.
Whoever thought that concept, though, genius,
like you basically created a betting platform for anything,
and you're just gonna make commission off of that forever.
- Oh, yeah, that's--
- Jealous.
- Good business.
So it's like a good one. - Jealous of that.
- Why don't we do one of those?
I just constantly am, like, seeing some story
about somebody making a zillion dollars.
What's the dumbest stuff?
Just, like, the stupidest ideas, and they just work.
Why is it?
It seems like some people just have that,
and, like, I just never make money,
the things I do just struggle to make money.
I guess we're making money.
I mean, we make money.
It's just, like, I feel like I've worked too hard
for the output, you know what I mean?
- I know what you mean, but there's also just, like,
who you are and how it feels to your soul.
Like, I could just, I guess, couldn't do that.
- Like, what you actually wanna work on
and put out in the world?
- Yeah, things have to line up.
They don't line up for me when, you know,
if I was working at it.
As much as I joke about that production market thing,
like, yeah, I don't think I would really deal
with it or something like that.
- Yeah, I get too much enjoyment
out of just making something that I think is good.
Like, it doesn't have to have any other, like,
it didn't have money involved, no one saw it.
If I just think it was good,
and I made something that was good,
I get too much satisfaction out of that.
I think that leads too many places
of, like, head down on something that's not worthwhile.
- Does that make sense?
- I think I feel that way too.
And I think historically, I remember saying this years ago,
I was like, you know what?
If I could spend all my time making stuff for myself,
I would be pretty happy.
That's changed now,
where a lot more of my satisfaction is feeling like,
I made something really good for myself,
and for a lot of people,
like now that's like a much bigger factor in my motivation.
But it's still the same thing.
Like, I'm still just making stuff for myself.
I'm just making sure I do all the other stuff to make it
so that, like, a lot of people could potentially enjoy it as well.
- You've got a lot of those going.
So how many open projects are there gonna be now?
And what is tool beam?
What's tool beam?
- That was a temporary GitHub situation,
where we're moving everything under SST.
By the way, did you see the npm deleted
all access keys yesterday?
- What?
- I didn't see if they fixed it.
npm deleted every single access key.
- What?
- Everyone CI, everyone's stuff.
- It's all back now, but it was down yesterday.
- So they un-deleted 'em?
- Which is all gone.
- Wait, what is going on with this stainless?
- So they, like, if you tried to deploy yesterday, it failed,
but they restored the same keys.
So no changes had to be made.
- This was like some kind of data loss,
'cause if you went to that page, it was just an empty list,
and it's something weird, like showing one of zero of three.
It was like some weird thing like that.
- Aw, oh man, now there's, now I'm having issues
with another unrelated project trying to see,
I'm trying to confirm your reporting,
and now I'm troubled.
Anyway, what else is going on?
- I don't know, I feel like something else is going on.
I feel really busy, but it doesn't feel like
I'm actually going on.
- Well, there's a lot of stuff going on.
Like, we're very busy, but that doesn't mean
there's a lot going on worth talking about.
(laughing)
- Yeah, that's kind of where it is.
That's everything on my end, you know.
Got the open site, got the model,
where you're working on open code.
- Yep, open code's gonna be great, so I'm so pumped.
- Yeah, I switched to using it as my primary thing.
- Yeah, me too, until I hit like a roadblock
and then I report, and then I've bounced back to Cloud Code
a couple times just to remember how they do things
and what I like about it and what I don't.
Did you see my thing today?
Someone released something called Open Coder,
which is the exact name project with a similar name.
- Yes. - But I was annoying.
- That is annoying.
It's gonna cost some confusion if that gets traction.
- I'll crush it.
- I'm sure Open Code will get traction.
- I'll throw it in the author.
- I'll pull it herself.
- I'll leave your reaction.
- You need to rename this right now.
- That's what they did with Open Next, right?
That's so funny.
- I was gonna say, just go back to that.
- I will say, part of me is like,
I did have an initial reaction to me,
so I messaged him telling him like,
"Hey, we're working on this thing, we name yours."
And then I remembered what a bad idea that was,
how much that backfired on Purcell,
where I just motivated me to like never rename it.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You'll just involve him.
- The Open Code thing, I think just some of the stuff,
if we launch with all the stuff
that is kind of like slated,
I just can't, I can't imagine Cloud Code
is not gonna copy half of it.
They can't do the other models thing,
but some of these are just really good ideas,
like they just should have them.
- Do you think there's more than one person
working on Cloud Code?
I feel there's like two people working on it.
- Yeah, maybe not very many.
- My feeling is it's like a handful of people,
maybe two people working on it.
- Yeah, the PM lady follows me.
She tweets lots of progress.
Like they're always adding new stuff.
- Yeah. - Forgot her name.
- I don't, like head to head,
I feel like whoever's working on it
isn't going as fast as you guys are.
So let's say like resource it differently.
- I'm not going fast.
Cody Tim is a beast.
I don't know if you know this, but he is.
- I can tell.
- He's fast.
- Yeah, especially with now powered with its own tool.
He's like using the tool to build itself, you know?
- I know, yeah, and I figure they're like,
I think the anthropic folks, they know programming.
And going back to the whole like niche models thing,
it definitely feels like that's the path for Claude
is to be the programming model, right?
Like they're already kind of like falling into that niche.
- Oh, speaking of this thing I found out yesterday,
I don't know what the hell AWS bedrock is doing at all.
'Cause initially I was like, okay, they partner with Claude.
And if you want to use Claude Sonic,
whatever, you do it through AWS bedrock.
Impossible to get rate limit increases,
like you just don't hear about them.
And then yesterday I found out, oh, it turns out,
they're not exclusive to AWS.
You can use Claude through Google Cloud.
- Oh yeah, you told me about this.
I didn't even realize vertex was like a thing.
- Yeah, so that's your bedrock equivalent, Google vertex.
Not only can you use it through vertex,
the rate limits that they gave to me are higher than what?
- Really?
- Not just bedrock, they're higher than what Claude gave to me.
I'm like, what is going on in this market?
Like this is not making any sense at all.
Like why is Claude losing customers through Google?
- Yeah, where can I see, where can I see how many?
Well, not losing customers, right?
They're still like, it's like Google's just reselling it.
- Once you get to the mindset of like,
oh, we're still winning 'cause, you know,
we're partners, you just eventually get squeezed
on other side.
- Yeah, people are using Google now
and they can swap out their model really easily.
- Yeah, exactly.
The moment you become a little bit commoditized, it's done.
- Mm-hmm, where can I see what models they support
in vertex?
- 200 plus, we have a model garden.
- Oh, I just want that like, model garden?
- What?
- Why?
- Oh, Google.
- Oh, it's not just Google, like,
this is like a whole cloud thing.
- Oh, really?
- I feel like they're just getting a friend
and kind of how they name things.
Sometimes they're really technical.
They're like, there's a name at the thing, like,
Google sequel, you know, something's stuck really direct.
A lot of times they're like, model garden,
what was that crazy one?
AWS had a really crazy one.
It was like the worst name I'd ever heard.
- Uh, was it their feature flag?
- Uh, worst named AWS service.
- Hmm.
- It was like, there's the one with the beaver for a logo.
That was pretty funny.
- What's the name of the service?
- Lumberjack or something.
They had like a service called Lumberjack, I think.
- Is that their gaming thing?
- Maybe.
- What is it?
- What's Amazon Sumerian?
What the hell is that?
- Sumerian, that was like, it was like an AR
or like 3D model thing.
- Yeah.
- Is Lumberjack a service?
Lumberyard, sorry.
Lumberyard, yeah, there's a beaver.
Right there with the saw.
- Lumberyard feels okay to me.
Okay, you're building something.
You got, you're like cutting wood up.
Like I get the feel of that.
- It's been deprecated.
So apparently it didn't catch up.
(both laughing)
- Something with 3D again.
- Anyway, so model garden.
Oh, elastic beanstarch, but that's another one.
- So elastic beanstarch, that's not what is that.
- It's like they have that
and then they have relational database service
because it's literally like you can never imagine.
- We should do it to your list sometimes.
Sometimes of like tech names or could just be AWS
but beanstarch, that's pretty funny actually.
- Yeah, where's all this headed?
I'm just seeing like tweets from Windsurf.
It's like cursor is not the only thing.
There's like so many of that model
where they're like, I'm going to be built into an IDE.
Why would that be better?
I just don't understand.
I don't want it built into an IDE.
There's so much shit in VS code
that I don't know what it does or care.
Like, I don't understand the idea
of bolting your AI assistant onto an IDE.
It just seems so much objectively better
to be independent of people's eye.
- But they have the most usage.
So you're kind of wrong, right?
No way.
- Oh, like cursors, you got the most.
Yeah, that's a good point, yeah.
- They do, I think people use, most people use VS code.
So it kind of makes sense.
The thing with them is I don't,
they're trying to build a venture scale business.
They've raised crazy amounts of money
at a crazy valuation.
You are now entering the,
I'm going to compete against Microsoft game.
Nobody wins that game.
- Yeah, right.
- Definitely not as your first time company, so.
- Well, they've already started adding
cursor like features, right?
To VS code.
- Yeah, and they're not doing a good job.
Like Microsoft's not doing a good job.
- Yeah, so from GitHub, it's not great.
Like it doesn't feel good.
But this is the thing that always happens
where you're just like, wow.
I can't believe Microsoft let that thing come up.
Microsoft lost.
Microsoft thing sucks.
And you like stop looking at it.
And then you look back five years later.
And then it's like, oh, wait,
Microsoft just ended up winning all that.
So it's like they move so slow
and their stuff stays bad for so long.
- But they win in the end.
- But in the grand scheme of things, you know,
to like our plans are measured in centuries, you know,
that type of thing.
- That's something, this isn't a talking point
I want to hit on real quick.
'Cause I did have an experience with Casey,
where I just like the vibe coding phenomenon,
I wanted to like sit her down
and see like she had expressed interest
in like trying to play with these app builder things.
- Yeah.
- And it's like we installed cursor on our MacBook
and it only, it only then occurred to me
that like cursor's not made for people
who don't know things about programming.
It's not for people with no context.
Because like immediately we couldn't do anything.
She doesn't have node installed.
Like I'm trying to explain.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, if you want to build a mobile app,
we should probably use expo and she's like,
what is expo?
What are you talking about?
- Yeah.
- Like, oh well we can just re-regnap.
Let's just re-regnap this.
(laughing)
It was like, oh, you don't even have node installed.
We can't do this on your MacBook.
So it's just like endless,
so you have to have a certain amount of context
but then cursor's coming in and be like,
but not that much context.
You don't not, you don't have to know how to program.
You should have to know everything about programming.
- Right, yeah.
- What is the, I don't understand like,
it's four existing developers.
- It's definitely four developers.
It's cursor is betting that developers continue to exist
and there's a lot of them,
maybe even more than they were before.
And this is how they most people build stuff.
Then you have like the whole other category of product,
V0, Bolt, Lovable.
There's more now, Firebase, Studio.
- Okay, so those are for non-developers.
I just mixed them all together.
- And convex chef.
- Yeah, those are, those are for,
your wife would probably be able to do stuff there
without knowing much.
- Okay, so it's not cursor's fault
that the vibe coding thing became this big phenomenon
where people are just like accepting everything the LLM does.
They're not really programming.
They're just like telling it what to do,
but they are programmers.
- They know what's going on to some degree.
- That confuses, yeah, that muddies the waters a little bit
for me, like in terms of who is using this tool,
like, but I guess that makes sense.
It's existing programmers who just want trying to brain off
and try and build something.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I don't know, like I said,
it just looks like they're gonna win
'cause Microsoft keeps sucking.
But fundamentally, like, why would a fork do better
than the trillion dollar company, you know?
It's just like, yeah, like we're better,
we're better at product, we're better at building,
we can move faster, but like, at this level of competition,
going for VC scale company, I don't know.
Like I just don't, I don't see it.
- Yeah.
- And a clear thing is obviously you have to go
to your own model that's specialized.
But even there-- - Do they?
- Huh? - Do they?
I don't even know.
- Yeah, I mean, the cursor should solve this problem
that I'm talking about also.
- Yeah, like, do they currently have their own model
or is there-- - They just use one.
Yeah, you can see it from their job postings.
- Yeah, but you know, Microsoft also is doing that.
And they have more data 'cause they're all GitHub, you know?
And it's just like-- - Yeah, that's a tough one
to compete against.
The Microsoft who owns VS Code and GitHub.
- And they've been building Visual Studio forever
and Visual Studio is actually really good
for, you know, a heavy IDE.
- Yeah.
- Anything of the whole JetBrains category of thing?
I don't know, just like, what, how are you,
like trying to like navigate through all this
and be the winner?
- Like, when we talk about them being a fork,
do they like keep upstream changes merged in to their fork
and they're just like layering their stuff
on top of the console?
Is this like a constant rebase?
'Cause that sounds like a nightmare.
- I think so, yeah.
I mean, we kind of did that with CDK.
It was like, and kind of relate to it a little bit.
It wasn't fun.
And you like very quickly want to like have your own thing.
- Yeah.
- Which I think they might do at some point.
I think that that can make sense.
And, okay, so then another part of this whole space is Zed.
And I feel like Zed has set up really well,
but they're not being aggressive enough.
And I like, I feel this is my thing
with so many companies where I'm like,
you have everything except the aggression, like...
- 'Cause they built the thing from the ground up.
- Yep, it's much better experience than VS Code.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, like just compete with,
they could've just competed with sort of a VS Code.
That was like, you had a shot at that.
But now there's like a new angle.
- Yeah, whole new product.
- How are you just letting cursor just dominate
the conversation?
Like you can't, you need to do whatever you can
to like, shit on cursor, make it seem not cool to use,
like make it be like, you're an idiot if you use this.
Like there's need to be way more aggressive versus,
to me it feels a little bit passive, it feels like,
hey, like we have AI in our app now, isn't that cool?
But it's not, it's like a very competitive space.
- I'm just checking the Zed website,
trying to get a vibe of like, how obvious is it
that this is a cursor competitor?
'Cause it is, it's like the, it's like,
they were building a competitive VS Code
and then like a way more unique competitor
to VS Code came in and like redefined the whole category.
- Yes.
- Like AI enabled this, like the product changed fundamentally.
But they have this, like as opposed to a VS Code fork,
they have this advantage of like, they have the whole thing.
They don't have to worry about this fork situation.
- Yeah.
And if you look at it from terms of product quality,
Zed is better, Zed is better on the editor itself.
- Yeah.
- It's as good, if not better, at the AI stuff.
The tab complete.
- Oh really, they're already like,
competing on that.
You're saying it's just a marketing thing.
It's not that they need to pivot their product.
- Purely, they're like, it's like an aggression thing.
Like they just let a cursor dominate too much.
And it's not too late.
It's not too late to, you know, still compete.
Like windsurf is there.
They're also kind of like, like windsurf is being aggressive.
I feel like they're like really trying to get in there.
And I want to see Zed win because it's a better product.
- Yeah.
- A world where everyone is using Zed by default
is much better than a world where everyone's using
a VS Code fork or a VS Code itself, you know?
- Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
- So yeah, a lot of these things.
I feel this way about a lot of companies.
- Maybe you need to just, you consult.
You need to consult on their marketing efforts.
Hit us up Zed, hit backs up.
You can help.
He's very good at being aggressive.
(both laughing)
And he's an East Coaster.
So he's an asshole.
It's perfect.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Any more East Coasters on your team?
- Yeah.
- It's not just, it's not just Zed.
I feel like me, Jay and Frank talk about this a lot.
And I was posting about this other day where,
you know, occasionally we have companies approach us
that are like, that want us to join them.
And it's often interesting because the companies
that have a lot of resources that are set up really well
in a way that we're not.
But the feeling we always get is they don't really wanna win.
It feels like they're coasting along improving,
but not at a magnitude more than you'd expect them to
given what everything they have going for them.
And it just feels like, yeah, we could join,
but I just don't, I'm like, that's the thing
that's missing for me.
I feel like people aren't like really playing a win,
like playing a beat number one, you know?
- Yeah, everything just feels like slow, incremental,
like passive growth.
- Yeah, some people are just like that.
You get that sense being around people who lead things
in a very different way.
Like a very, there's someone in mind,
I'm just not, I'm not gonna go any further
'cause I don't wanna, that's just not fair.
But I've like seen people who are the head of a thing
and they just have a very like relaxed attitude
about their things place in the world, if that makes sense.
- God, everyone has that kind of like,
it needs to be the best.
We need to go to the bottom, as Dak says,
and take it to the top.
- Like, I just love the sports metaphor
'cause I feel like there's so much to be learned
'cause inside looking at sports.
What are you describing makes zero sense in sports?
- Oh yeah, no chance.
Every GM would be fired if they were like,
you know, it's okay to be in the middle, who cares?
- Yeah, and like, even like the worst player in the NBA
still has what I'm talking about.
- Yeah, oh yeah, they have to just to be in the NBA.
I mean, they have to have that crazy desire and push.
- So I'm just like, why, why when it comes to business
and especially tech, like tech just feels so like passive,
it's like, you know, we're doing okay.
- Yeah, well, now I have so many questions
about marketing theory.
Like, what is it about Zedd?
Surely they have people at Zedd,
they're trying to get the word out.
Why do I never see anything about Zedd?
They're just not in the right places.
- I mean, I haven't thought about it too hard,
but the thing is you have to give people a compelling reason
to stop everything they're doing and switch.
And the only thing they should be thinking about is
what can we say or do or like what event can we do?
What like marketing gimmick can we do?
That makes everyone go, when I get home today,
I'm gonna try, try it out.
'Cause it's a good product, right?
So you imagine it'll stick with some amount of people
when they try it.
- Yep.
- It's that simple, very hard, but that's simple.
It's all they need to do.
- Simple and hard, I hate those things.
- I know, that one goes.
- It's like a catch 22.
- Yeah.
But anyway, this whole editor space chaos,
it's just funny 'cause like, I'm happy with Neil then.
- I know, I love it.
- I'm not gonna switch, especially with this remote,
my whole remote setup, like now I'm stuck with Neil then,
'cause it's not as fun doing that with anything else.
Should we end it here?
We're an hour.
I feel like I could jump into that whole conversation
'cause I didn't.
- It's a slow, weird episode.
I'm sorry for the audience.
It wasn't as good as the normal ones.
- Maybe Chris could like cut out the middle part
where I was like, maybe we'll just be down after 30,
you know, call it.
We just both have a lot going on.
I got an entire family that's sick upstairs
and we've got next week is crazy.
- I'm making my family right now.
- You're making, you announced this on Twitter,
kind of, is a reply in announcements.
Sometimes I write stuff in replies
that I would never put like as a top level tweet.
But you're okay.
- A lot of people saw it.
Like it was a lot of people saw the message.
- Well, okay, so for people that didn't see it,
I was talking about how Chad GPT Deep Research is so useful.
I just like tell it something I wanna know all about
and it just, you know, gives me back everything I need to know.
Like writes a report, which is amazing.
So I was like, oh, can you give me an example?
And I'm just like, I don't wanna make up an example
'cause I have the perfect example.
And I'm just like, I'm just gonna say it.
'Cause I was doing stroller research
'cause we're having a baby.
- Congratulations. - I just do this.
- I'm the half of the audience.
(laughing)
- So I posted that thinking like,
no one's gonna see this anyway.
And then everyone starts liking it.
- Yeah, everyone's like,
this is the weirdest way to announce this I've ever seen.
(laughing)
I'm like, okay, I guess everyone knows now.
- Yeah, sometimes replies feel like a private little place,
but I think they show up on timelines just the same.
- They do.
- I'm just wondering what you replied to it.
(laughing)
Amplify, when did she do?
I feel like I should know this.
It's kinda thing.
- 24th, which is the same day we got married,
which is the same day we started dating.
(groaning)
- More importantly, four days after my birthday.
How exciting.
I just told the world my birthday,
am I gonna get like, totally docked or whatever?
- My child is gonna steal attention away from your birthday.
- Yeah, what if your child is born on August 20th?
That'd be so cool.
We had the same birthday.
- I hope not 'cause that means we have to take care
for four more days and we would have otherwise.
That's what I was saying the other day, like, you know,
babies that come out of four months old,
I think it's a good business.
- Wait, what?
Babies should come out of four months old.
- Don't make a business where you have a baby,
but somehow it comes out and it's like four months old already.
- Oh, it's already four months old.
You skip all the, yeah.
No, believe it or not, I look back on the first few months,
fondly.
- I know that.
- It's hard and you just develop so many,
it's just so like stress, low sleep
that it all gets imprinted on your brain.
So you have all these memories that are,
most memories are fond, I don't know.
Maybe that's just me.
- No, I know, I know, I know.
I get that.
But I just think even, I think that'll just happen anyway,
even with my genius business idea
of babies that come out of four months.
(laughing)
- So far, mom, I've reached.
- 'Cause I'm pretty sure that a human baby is like,
technically like, they're not, like ideally,
they're not born as early as they are.
- Yeah, like they have to come out 'cause they're head.
- They're head, yeah, like all that stuff.
So it's like a, so we like compensate for that
by being able to take care of them.
- Yeah, underdeveloped.
- They're basically like not born yet, you know,
and then they come out.
- I mean, they're pretty worthless until,
I mean, I've got a five year old
that can't do anything for themselves.
(laughing)
Humans are unique, like they take a lot of attention
and care.
- Training, yeah.
- It's kind of crazy.
But welcome, welcome to the wide world of parenting.
I can't wait for you to relate with parents, actually,
instead of just pretending.
- I can't wait, I can't wait to annoy everyone.
I'm so excited to be like--
- Oh yeah, you look like I was so right, I knew.
- All you guys being like, parenting is so hard,
and like, you have to make all these sacrifices,
and you can't just have everything you want.
I'm gonna, I can't wait 'til I have a child,
just so I can tell everyone, you guys just suck.
Easy, being a parent is easy.
- The whole world is rooting against you right now.
Now we're gonna have no empathy when it gets hard.
- At this point, I'm just gonna lie.
I'm just gonna lie, no matter what happens.
I'm just gonna be like--
- You gotta hold up the shtick at this point, yeah.
- Yeah, like, you guys just suck.
- Yeah, we might.
- If parents told me parenting was hard,
but it turns out you all just suck,
I can't wait to post that.
- You can't wait to tweet it.
You're gonna go ahead and tweet it.
You just can't all back.
(laughing)
The thing is, and this is gonna suck
for all of us that want vidication,
you could have an easy baby.
Like some of them are easy.
I've got two-- - I was a very easy baby.
- Yeah, so if you do,
you're just gonna think we're all bad at this,
and I hate that.
(laughing)
It makes me wanna throw up my mouth.
I really hope you have a normal to hard baby,
so you can experience the true reality of baby rearing.
- Based off of the sense you have of the world and me,
can you see me with a difficult baby?
- I don't know how to answer that.
I'm predicting, can I see how you can be--
- Like do you see that, that's how the universe
would play things out.
It would give me a difficult baby-- - Oh, sure.
- Or it would give me an easy baby to piss everyone off.
- What seems more like-- - Damn it!
A liar, and I don't like it.
I don't like it one bit.
(laughing)
I wanna be so mad.
I'm gonna be like trying to influence your baby
at a very early age to be more difficult.
(laughing)
- My baby's gonna come out of four months old.
- Yeah, okay.
(laughing)
My youngest was two weeks late,
so he has a little more than that luck.
- Wow, three weeks late.
- You saved two weeks.
- Yeah, well, I guess.
Is that how, I don't think that's how it works.
- Yeah, it is.
It's like, okay, look at it this way.
If they come out one month early,
when they're two months old--
- Yeah, well, this was three weeks early.
So yeah. - They're kinda just
still like one month old, you know?
- Okay, yeah, it kinda makes sense.
- So the reverse?
- I hate that that makes sense.
- It's kinda the case too.
- Yeah, okay.
Well, congratulations to you both.
And good luck, Godspeed.
- It's a girl, by the way.
- Oh, it's a girl, I didn't know this.
I didn't wanna ask in case I didn't know.
- No, you didn't know.
Remember you offered up your children?
- Damn it.
I did know it.
See, I'm so proud of remembering all things, like, human.
(laughing)
Oh, I hate this about me.
I didn't know that.
- You offered up your children for marriage.
- I'm gonna tell Casey, I did do that, yeah.
I'm gonna tell Casey how I forgot that it was a girl,
and she's gonna be like, of course she did.
- I bet she remembers it's a girl.
- She probably does, oh, for sure.
The number of times I've forgotten somebody was pregnant,
that I'm, like, related to, like, a sister-in-law
or something, and then, like, end up in the room together,
and it's like, I totally forgot she was pregnant.
(laughing)
- Like, I'm so bad about, like, people's kids
and relationships and understanding
or remembering any of it.
There's probably something there.
- Well, it's worse if you thought she was pregnant
and she wasn't, so.
- Oh, yeah, sure.
- Oh, the mistake's to make that one.
- This is the other way, yeah.
- All right, we got too much to do, we gotta go.
- Okay, bye-bye.
- See ya.
(upbeat music)